Note EF Core probe package requirement (#9984)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/health-checks.md

Reference the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.App metapackage](xref:fundamentals/metapackage-app) or add a package reference to the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.HealthChecks](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.HealthChecks) package.

> The sample app provides start-up code to demonstrate health checks for several scenarios. The [database probe](#database-probe) scenario probes the health of a database connection using [BeatPulse](https://github.com/Xabaril/BeatPulse). The [DbContext probe](#entity-framework-core-dbcontext-probe) scenario probes a database using an EF Core `DbContext`. To explore the database scenarios, the sample app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample app provides startup code to demonstrate health checks for several scenarios. The [database probe](#database-probe) scenario examines the health of a database connection using [BeatPulse](https://github.com/Xabaril/BeatPulse). The [DbContext probe](#entity-framework-core-dbcontext-probe) scenario examines a database using an EF Core `DbContext`. To explore the database scenarios, the sample app:
```

## Entity Framework Core DbContext probe

The `DbContext` check confirms that the app can communicate with the database configured for an EF Core `DbContext`. The `DbContext` check is supported in apps that:

* Use [Entity Framework (EF) Core](/ef/core/).
* Include a package reference to [Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.EntityFrameworkCore](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.EntityFrameworkCore/).

> `AddDbContextCheck<TContext>` registers a health check for a `DbContext` (`TContext`). An overload is available to configure the failure status, tags, and a custom test query.

Author: It's the other way around 🙃 ... I'll fix it on the next commit.

By default:

> * The `DbContextHealthCheck` calls EF Core's `CanConnectAsync` method. You can customize what operation is run when checking health using overloads of the `AddDbContextCheck` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `DbContextHealthCheck` calls EF Core's `CanConnectAsync` method. You can customize what operation is run when checking health using `AddDbContextCheck` method overloads.
```
